>> Todd Gardner: Now, this is a bunch
of small changes to operations.
So, this is all kinds of stuff that we
haven't actually touched too much yet.
The third thing I wanna do around TTFB is
right-sizing your host for the workload.
So, in my case, I'm putting
this thing out in DigitalOcean.
You might be hosting on a platform like,
I don't know,
for Cell or AWS or Microsoft or
Google or wherever.
Making sure that you've given
the appropriate amount of capacity to your
service so
that it can turn things on fast.
You may not have this problem if you're
doing a lot of serverless stuff, but for
a lot of us we do.
Here's some real metrics
from my DigitalOcean box,
which is basically idling.
It doesn't do a whole lot to serve
this thing just for this workshop, and
so, I don't really need to upsize this
thing in terms of the raw metrics of how
much CPU, memory, and data throughput
it's doing because this is a trivial app.
However, for
the purpose of this demonstration,
I do wanna illustrate how big
of an impact this can have.
So, we're gonna do another little demo and
reduce some artificial delay
that I have put into the system.
So if we go back into our
local dev stickers app,
one of the things that I have
in here is server duration.
So this app doesn't have a real database,
it doesn't really make any calls.
It just kind of returns some files for
my example.
But your real system is probably
talking to a database, or
it's talking to some APIs, or
it's doing something real that will make
us request takes some amount of time.
I hard-coded that it's gonna take my
server one second to do anything,
which is kind of slow,
but also kind of real.
I've seen a lot of cases
where server duration and
time to first bytes can be
considerably more than a second.
So, what is a more practical
number that this should be?
The RequestMetrics web server,
when it returns data,
it returns things on average in
about 30 milliseconds, typically.
So like, rather than 1,000,
I'm gonna set this to 30, or maybe,
let's set it to 50, so it's a nice
round number, it's a little bit worse.
So, we're gonna save this,
and you know what?
It doesn't even matter how that behaves
locally, we upgraded our server.
>> Todd Gardner: Oops,
let's stage that and send it up, and
we're gonna deploy our
upgraded server to production.
>> Todd Gardner: So, how you'll
notice that is in our profiling,
before we made this change, you'll notice
that the time that everything took here,
everything took that was coming
at our URLs was over a second.
And that was just our server
taking a long time to do stuff.
There's a few other requests
here out to third parties,
this is a request to Google Fonts,
that are faster than that.
But almost everything here
is solidly over a second.
And that was our server,
just being slow, being not good.
So if this is done, which shows that
it is, and we run a new request,
we'll notice how much faster
everything comes down.
Now that our server only takes 50
milliseconds to process anything instead
of a 1,000,
everything still returns pretty quick.
Now, we still have a lot
of performance problems.
There's still things here that are taking
15 seconds to load, 13 seconds to load.
But if we were to do a full run of this
and take a look at our time to first byte,
we see that we're down
into the good range.
We're down to 0.21.
And we've also improved our FCP,
which is also in the good range now,
and our LCP is better, but not fixed yet.
Because remember, TTFB is part of FCP,
which is part of LCP, so
we're affecting all of those
kind of things together.
So those are the changes that we just
made as part of performance config.
Now, there's one more
thing here that we can do.
We compressed our assets, so
we're shipping fewer bites over the wire.
We use an efficient protocol, so that
we're not being so chatty talking to them,
and we made sure our server was
big enough for what we were doing.
But the server is still in Amsterdam.
And so, what is the cost of that?
We should always strive to put our
host as close to the user as we can.
And why is that?
So, if we have the host and the user,
there's a bunch of hidden things that
don't show up in Chrome DevTools,
but are happening under the covers,
in terms of how these two things
talk to each other over a network.
So when the host is trying to return
something, the host exists somewhere.
And there's a regional network,
like the data center that it's in,
the city that it's in,
the ISPs that are a part of,
there's a bunch of hops
that have to happen there.
So there's some regional
network in Amsterdam,
those that data is bouncing around.
And then once it's to the main trunks
of the Internet, it still has to cross
the world, it still has to jump from
one part of the world to another.
And then once it's close to the user,
it pops back into another regional network
and bounces around to the right city and
the right ISP and then the last
mile all the way to the user.
And so,
there's just a lot of things involved,
there's a lot of hops happening here.
So in our specific case where we're
going from Minneapolis to Amsterdam,
the time that it takes to do all
of those hops is 117 milliseconds.
This is according to Wonder Network,
which there's a link in the slides,
which you can set up like real-time
network projections between this city and
this city.
What is like the time it takes to
cross the network from those things?
As of yesterday, it was 117 milliseconds,
which means, that's our speed limit.
To any user accessing our site
in Amsterdam from Minneapolis,
it will never go faster than
117 milliseconds per request.
There's just no way to
ever go faster than that.
And so, if we're making requests a lot,
that can add up to real-time.
So how do we get rid of that?
Well, what if, instead of,
we doing all of those hops,
what if we moved our host to
be in the same regional cloud,
the same regional network as our user?
Then it wouldn't have
to cross the internet.
That's what a Content Delivery Network
is or a CDN.
A CDN is the ability for
you to put hosts all over the world
in much more regional networks, and
those hosts basically make a copy of
your content from your original host.
So the first time the user
makes the request,
it hits the content delivery network, and
the content delivery network needs to
make the request all the way
back to your server.
And so, it's still slow,
it's still the same,
we have to pay that 117 millisecond tax.
But after that,
everything can be served from
the content delivery network directly.
And we no longer have to pay that
tax of crossing around the world.
Now, I've done that too, and
we can see what that's like.
So, I used a little service
called BunnyCDN, which, I mean,
I'm not employed by them or
get any money from them, I just like them.
I think they're a cool,
simple little tool,
if we go to www.devstickers.shop and
load this page.
>> Todd Gardner: If we go to
www.devstickers.shop, this is the BunnyCDN
pointing at the same place
that we originally got it.
And so, the call to devstickers.shop
took 308 milliseconds,
and it took that because we
still had the cache was cold.
And we should be able to see that if we
look in the headers, because a CDN will
generally tell you a bunch of information
about that CDN in the request.
We can see that right here, all of
these headers here from the response
are prefixed CDN and
it's telling us information.
It's telling us that, hey,
my cache missed, and I had to go and
make the request to the original host.
And here's a bunch of
information about where I am.
This edge of the CDN is in the United
States, and there's a bunch of information
about their proprietary stuff that
we don't particularly care about.
But we know that this time it missed,
so it was still slow, and
we had to go back to Amsterdam.
Now, if we make this call again, even if
we have all of our caching disabled and
stuff like that, the second time we
make this call, it was 63 milliseconds.
We went from 300 to 63,
and if we look in here,
the reason it went that fast is
cuz now we had a hit in the cache.
The BunnyCDN did not need to go
to Amsterdam to get that cache,
it had a copy of this website in its
edge somewhere in the United States,
somewhere close to where we are right now,
that it could return from.
We did not have to cross pipes across
the world, this is why CDNs are important.
We don't always notice it as
developers building our own products,
because we put our data center
probably close to to us.
But if you serve users in Europe,
and your stuff is located in, say,
AWS East Coast or wherever, there's a 100
millisecond tax that is being paid for
all those people to cross
the Atlantic in their communication.
And so, your site is way
slower there than it is here.
If you go to Australia, it's even worse.
Australians complain all the time
about how slow most American websites
are because we don't think of
putting CDNs in Australia.
And their baseline latency is more
like 700 milliseconds to cross all
the oceans and
hops that need to happen from Australia.
So let's put all of this together, and
we're gonna set up all of our throttling,
all of our network stuff,
Forex, throttling, hardware,
concurrency on coffee shop, Wi-Fi.
We are on the CDN,
we are doing compression.
We're served over HTTP, and
we can reload this page.
All right, so
we've loaded all of this thing up.
And I bet, we can tell already,
a lot of these things have
moved farther to the left.
If we go and take a look at our console,
look, our time to first
byte is 0.02 seconds.
And now, even though we
haven't even optimized it yet,
we're already into the green for
LCP and FCP.
We haven't even touched those yet, but
we made such big improvements in time
to first bite that we're within striking
distance of having everything fixed,
cuz it's that important
when we make these changes.
Just wrapping up time to first bite.
There's four big things we did here.
We compressed the responses using gzip and
Brotli.
We switched to efficient protocols
that are less chatty over the wire.
We increased the host capacity to be
appropriate for what we were doing, and
then we moved the endpoint
of our host through a CDN,
much closer to our end users.
Now, one thing you might notice about this
is, this is, I mean, we're engineers,
but none of this was really engineering,
we didn't change any content.
I didn't change any JavaScript, we didn't
change any HTML, we didn't fix any images.
We didn't do anything, we just did a bunch
of op stuff with how our site is hosted,
and we made some huge improvements.
I think that's important because so many
times we can make big improvements to our
web performance by not actually
changing what we're doing, but
just changing how we do it by considering
the infrastructure that we run on.